catered organism for what it's worth
they're trying to replicate the early
conditions of the Earth in Miller Yuri
type experiments the milieuri experiment
was this attempt to take a whole bunch
of inorganic material carbon dioxide and
methane oxygen nitrogen Etc putting in a
flask with some water heated up shoot
electricity through it leave it for a
little while and see what happens at the
end and I think initially in the first
few iterations of the experiment anyway
people were extremely excited about the
fact that they ended up producing amino
acids of course amino acids aren't life
amino acids aren't life any more than a
pile of bricks is the Sydney Opera house
if someone said to you I'm doing some
important work I'm building the Sydney
Opera house and you say to them show me
your progress and they say sure no
worries and they show you a brick
this is hardly evidence that they're
well on their way to building a Sydney
Opera House